Campaign master:
As a Campaign master, I can select the voting system will be run, so that I can do simulations on different voting systems
As a Campaign master, I can select the total number of candidates, so that I can simulate different ridings without any restriction of number of candidates
As a Campaign master, I can select the parties of all the candidates, so that I can reflect the most realistic political spectrum
As a Campaign master, I can select the set of ridings, so that I can have a focus research on certain ridings

As a Campaign master, I can press a button to start the simulation, so that all the simulated data will be computed and store in temperately memory for preview 

As a Campaign master, I can select a riding a riding on map then a certain year, so that I can see the demographic data of the current riding from the selected year

As a campaign master, I can select a map view, so that I can see the effort that each candidate put in some district.

As a campaign master, I can press a button to save the simulation result, so that I can keep it for the future reference.

As a campaign master, I can manage the historical simulation record by deleting or rearranging the results, so that I can keep the result database small and accurate.

As a campaign master, I can load the previous result for the new simulation, so that I can reduce the unnecessary duplicate work. 

As a campaign master, I can track the simulation result by time order, so that I can see the trend with some variable changing in the election.

As a campaign master, I can preview the simulation results, so that …?


Implementer:
As a implementer, I would like to add or delete data, so that the current demographic is up to date

As a implementer, I would like to add/delete users, so that each user will have different privileges

As a implementer, I would like to modify the formula used to calculate the simulation, so that different strategies can be applied in different area

As a implementer, I would like to set up/delete a new census track/riding in case of any changes in real life

Presenter/Player:
As a presenter, I would like to export pictures or data, so that I can use those pictures or data in my report.

As a presenter, I would like to show the election simulation result in dot plot graph or chart graph format, so that I can make my report more visualized and vivid.

As a presenter, I would like to read data but not modify data, so that I don’t need t worry about deleting data accidentally.

As a presenter, I would like to divide the data in to different categories, so that I can check data by categories and do data analysis more easily.

As a presenter, I would like to press a button to get in touch with election master or implementer, so that if I have any problem with the program, I could report it to them.

